Update atp-safe-links.md (#4203)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/atp-safe-links.md

- **Do not allow users to click through to original URL**: Allows or blocks users from clicking through the [warning page](#warning-pages-from-safe-links) to the original URL. The recommend value is enabled.

> - **Display the organization branding on notification and warning pages**: This option is to show your organization’s branding on warning pages. This should help users identify that it’s a legitimate warning they’re seeing, as default Microsoft warning pages are often used by malicious actors to look legitimate themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Display the organization branding on notification and warning pages**: This option shows your organization’s branding on warning pages. It should help users identify that it’s a legitimate warning they’re seeing, as default Microsoft warning pages are often used by malicious actors to look legitimate themselves.
```

> - **Display the organization branding on notification and warning pages**: This option shows your organization’s branding on warning pages. It should help users identify that it’s a legitimate warning they’re seeing, as default Microsoft warning pages are often used by malicious actors to look legitimate themselves. Visit, [Add branding to your organization's Azure Active Directory sign-in page](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/customize-branding) For more information about Customize Branding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Display the organization branding on notification and warning pages**: This option shows your organization’s branding on warning pages. It should help users identify that it’s a legitimate warning they’re seeing, as default Microsoft warning pages are often used by malicious actors to look legitimate themselves. See [Add branding to your organization's Azure Active Directory sign-in page](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/customize-branding) for more information about customized branding.
```
